tweak(.github): Update PR template (#8100)
Significant-Gravitas/AutoGPT: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- Concisely describe all of the changes made in this pull request: -->

### Testing 🔍

<!--
Please confirm you have tested our critical paths
-->

- [ ] Create from scratch and execute an agent with at least 3 blocks

> - [ ] Import an agent from file upload, execute and test
> - [ ] Upload agent to marketplace
> - [ ] Import an agent from marketplace execute and test
> - [ ] Edit an agent from monitor, execute and test

Reviewer: What does the `test` involve? Maybe:
```suggestion
- [ ] Import an agent from file upload, and confirm it executes correctly
- [ ] Upload agent to marketplace
- [ ] Import an agent from marketplace and confirm it executes correctly
- [ ] Edit an agent from monitor, and confirm it executes correctly
```
